docs: add README first version (#49)
decentraland/textures-helper: README.md

# Textures Helper

> Textures helper compress textures using DXT1 mipmapped format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Textures helper compresses textures using DXT1 mipmapped format.
```

## Converting an image

> This service exposes and endpoint in charge of compressing textures which expects two inputs `size` as a path parameter and `asset` as a query parameter. Below can be found the call structure to this endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service exposes an endpoint for compressing textures which expects two inputs: `size` as a path parameter and `asset` as a query parameter. The call structure for this endpoint is as follows:
```

```
GET <HOST>/content/dxt/:LENGTH?asset=<ASSET-URL>
```

> * **length** - must be an integer of a power of two that can go from 128 until 2048

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **length** - must be an integer and power of two that can go from 128 until 2048
```

> * **asset** - must be a HTTP url aiming to the asset to be converted by the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **asset** - must be a HTTP url referencing the asset to be converted by the service
```

The response structure will look like:

```
{
  "asset": string,
  "conversionRatio":
    {
      "height": number,
      "width": number
     }
}
```

> * **asset** - contains the URL of the resized and compressed asset. This URL will aim to the CDN configured for this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **asset** - contains the URL of the resized and compressed asset. This URL will point to the CDN configured for this service.
```

* **conversionRatio** - contains the resize ratio relating old asset size with the new one specified when calling the endpoint

>   * **height** - newHeight / oldHeight (_fixed to four decimals_)

Reviewer: Being a `number`, does this need to be rounded? In general rounding applies for string types...

Author: I'll check this, if confirmed that this is not needed I'll update the code and this part of the documentation in a new PR.

Thank you!
